README.md, before:

# tf-neural-network-tutorial
Welcome to this neural network tutorial using tensorflow and mnist!  
This tutorial is aimed at machine learning and javascript beginners!  

## Before you start
You will need to install NodeJS and npm to complete the exercises.  
NodeJS and npm are usually bundled together.  
You can download NodeJS from their [official website](https://nodejs.org/en/) or install it through [chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/packages/nodejs).  
``choco install nodejs``

Once all of this is done, run ``npm install``  
Note: Sometimes, tensorflow doesn't install properly. You'll get errors when trying to import it.  
To fix this, you can run ``npm run fix-tf-install-unix`` or ``npm run fix-tf-install-windows``, depending on the type of terminal you are using (do you use ``ls`` or ``dir`` ?).  

## The project
After completing this project, you will have built and trained a Tensorflow neural network to predict the number drawn in an image.  
While the exercises are quite simple, they lay the ground works for any machine learning technique using neural networks.  
I encourage you to play with the code after you've completed the exercises. Try different models or even change the dataset!  

This project is divided into 3 parts:
- exercises
- solutions
- example

The exercises are divided in 5 parts. Each part represents a step in the training loop of a neural network. They go as follow:
- exercise 1: Get the training and test data  
- exercise 2: Build your neural network  
- exercise 3: Transform the data so that it can be input into the neural network  
- exercise 4: Train your model with the training data  
- exercise 5: Evaluate your model with the test data  

Once you have completed the code, run ``main.js``! If you did it right, you should see the training start.  
You can expect the training to take less than a minute an achieve over 90% accuracy.  
You can then run ``test.js`` to see what your network predicted for 10 images.  

The solutions follows the same files/folders structure as the exercises, but with all the code completed.  

The example folder contains roughly the same code as the exercices, but organized in a more realistic fashion.  
It contains two model topologies you can play with: A multilayer perceptron (MLP) and a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN).  
Look at the config.js file and try running train.js and test.js!  

## Huh, how do I run a node.js script ?
In a terminal, use the ``node path/to/my/file.js`` command.

Commit message:

Updated readme for python dependency not needed and node v12 required

README.md, after:

# tf-neural-network-tutorial
Welcome to this neural network tutorial using tensorflow and mnist!  
This tutorial is aimed at machine learning and javascript beginners!  

## Before you start
You do not need Python to run this project. If you have errors that seem related to python, ignore them.  
You will need to install NodeJS v12 and npm to complete the exercises.  
- If you already have node installed, check the version with ``node -v``
- If it's not 12.x, you need to update
NodeJS and npm are usually bundled together.  
You can download NodeJS from their [official website](https://nodejs.org/en/) or install it through [chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/packages/nodejs).  
``choco install nodejs``

Once all of this is done, run ``npm install``  
Note: Sometimes, tensorflow doesn't install properly. You'll get errors when trying to import it.  
To fix this, you can run ``npm run fix-tf-install-unix`` or ``npm run fix-tf-install-windows``, depending on the type of terminal you are using (do you use ``ls`` or ``dir`` ?).  

## The project
After completing this project, you will have built and trained a Tensorflow neural network to predict the number drawn in an image.  
While the exercises are quite simple, they lay the ground works for any machine learning technique using neural networks.  
I encourage you to play with the code after you've completed the exercises. Try different models or even change the dataset!  

This project is divided into 3 parts:
- exercises
- solutions
- example

The exercises are divided in 5 parts. Each part represents a step in the training loop of a neural network. They go as follow:
- exercise 1: Get the training and test data  
- exercise 2: Build your neural network  
- exercise 3: Transform the data so that it can be input into the neural network  
- exercise 4: Train your model with the training data  
- exercise 5: Evaluate your model with the test data  

Once you have completed the code, run ``main.js``! If you did it right, you should see the training start.  
You can expect the training to take less than a minute an achieve over 90% accuracy.  
You can then run ``test.js`` to see what your network predicted for 10 images.  

The solutions follows the same files/folders structure as the exercises, but with all the code completed.  

The example folder contains roughly the same code as the exercices, but organized in a more realistic fashion.  
It contains two model topologies you can play with: A multilayer perceptron (MLP) and a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN).  
Look at the config.js file and try running train.js and test.js!  

## Huh, how do I run a node.js script ?
In a terminal, use the ``node path/to/my/file.js`` command.
